ae(v): context-adaptive arithmetic entropy-coded syntax element. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified in clause 9.3.
b(8): byte having any pattern of bit string (8 bits). The parsing process for this descriptor is specified by the return value of the function read_bits( 8 ).
ce(v): context-adaptive variable-length entropy-coded syntax element with the left bit first. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified in clause 9.2.
f(n): fixed-pattern bit string using n bits written (from left to right) with the left bit first. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified by the return value of the function read_bits( n ).
i(n): signed integer using n bits. When n is "v" in the syntax table, the number of bits varies in a manner dependent on the value of other syntax elements. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified by the return value of the function read_bits( n ) interpreted as a two's complement integer representation with most significant bit written first.
me(v): mapped Exp-Golomb-coded syntax element with the left bit first. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified in clause 9.1.
se(v): signed integer Exp-Golomb-coded syntax element with the left bit first. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified in clause 9.1.
st(v): null-terminated string encoded as universal coded character set (UCS) transmission format-8 (UTF-8) characters as specified in ISO/IEC 10646. The parsing process is specified as follows: st(v) begins at a byte- aligned position in the bitstream and reads and returns a series of bytes from the bitstream, beginning at the current position and continuing up to but not including the next byte-aligned byte that is equal to 0x00, and advances the bitstream pointer by ( stringLength + 1 ) * 8 bit positions, where stringLength is equal to the number of bytes returned.
NOTE – The st(v) syntax descriptor is only used in this Specification when the current position in the bitstream is a byte- aligned position.
te(v): truncated Exp-Golomb-coded syntax element with left bit first. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified in clause 9.1.
u(n): unsigned integer using n bits. When n is "v" in the syntax table, the number of bits varies in a manner dependent on the value of other syntax elements. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified by the return value of the function read_bits( n ) interpreted as a binary representation of an unsigned integer with most significant bit written first.
ue(v): unsigned integer Exp-Golomb-coded syntax element with the left bit first. The parsing process for this descriptor is specified in clause 9.1.
